Those of you who know me know that I'm a pretty huge fan of video games. Those of you who don't know me, I'm a pretty huge fan of video games. A good percentage of my monthly income for the past… well as long as I've had any kind of income, has gone towards the next big (or not so big) game to come out. Although I consider myself pretty rounded for the types of games I like there are those that have always drawn my attention. Sometimes it has been a franchise, other times it's a developer.
For this time it's Bioware. I've always been a big fan of Bioware's RPG's. The first truly memorable game for me was Star Wars: The Knights of the Old Republic (A close second was Neverwinter Nights). The gameplay was fantastic, the story excellent, and it was a great game on it's own merits let alone being a Star Wars game. Over the course of my time with the game I probably played through it half a dozen times and loved every minute of it. I'm looking forward to see how the Old Republic MMO turns out. I think if anyone can make a good Star Wars MMO, it'll be Bioware.
Next up is Mass Effect. For me, this is one of my favorite series. Bioware has a way of creating fantastic stories within a believable, and in some ways relatable, universe. The Mass Effect universe is no different. I love it. Between the two current instillations I've played through at least a dozen times. Figure nows a good time to make a statement about how excited I am about Mass Effect 3. I'm really excited about it. In a lot of ways I see an evolution of what they started in the KOTOR games in Mass Effect as well as Dragon Age (Yes, I've thoroughly enjoyed that series too).
I would recommend all of these games to anyone who plays games. I know that they aren't for everyone. I know that everyone won't love them as much as I do, but I've introduced them to a few friends that have loved them. It makes it worth it for me. Now I'll admit that there are flaws with all of these games. They aren't perfect, but I've never played a game that was. But if you like a great story and a creative and imaginative universe, pick up a Bioware game. It won't disappoint.

-davis